once upon a time
in a far away land called
washington heights say
so it doesn't disappear washington
lights up from washington heights up at
the break of day i wake up
and i got this little punk i gotta chase
away pop the great at the crack of dawn
sing while i wipe down the awning
hey y'all good morning ice cold feet
i've got teddy strawberry and just for
today i got my mate
it's a story of a block that was
disappearing the genius
is back yo he's a chance ask her out
right now
and when it came to dreams we had to
keep scraping by
maybe this neighbor is changing forever
maybe tonight is our last night together
however
i just want to see the whole world
through our eyes they're talking about
kicking out
all the dreamers it's time to make some
noise
we had to assert our dignity in small
ways
little details that tell the world we
are not invisible
this is the moment when you do better
than me because you can see a future
you made all of this this is me
they used to say you work hard
you live by the rules the money will
come
the things will come you ready
i've been saving up all my pennies in my
piggy bank for this day today's all we
got so we cannot stop this is
[Music]
heights
this is our best chance to find a
habitable planet
we breed and raise our own crew
three train them in isolation
to prepare them for life and space two
the voyage will take 86 years
i'm scared of what
there's nothing to be scared of
you were the link between past and
future generations
and have been entrusted with the
survival of our species the normal kids
sensitive and smart i need to protect
them
there's a toxin in the water it's coming
from us
we're eating something toxic
it's the blue it's medication
to decrease pleasure
i'm not drinking it what does it feel
like
to feel something
[Applause]
to prevent
about everything he can't
protect you protect us
i'm scared there's nothing to be scared
it's a world of opportunity
and i was meant for more in this life
[Music]
whether you have the killer instinct is
the big question
i hope i don't know
[Music]
i am a woman hear me roll
all right we should put on some music or
something lighten the mood
there's a horse in your house
oh this shoe right here
i ain't staying here all right so once
you step out that door stays locked till
morning
you teaching this boy anything the
history here is deep
we like the wild west out here i woke up
to the moon
first
baby blue just like me i know you
you hops when i get up off this ground
your daddy got rules that you're not to
buy anybody
yo yo what are you doing you wanna ride
the street live
you can't be in my house you wanna wise
up you're welcome back welcome back to
what
i ain't got no home here that's your
choice
[Music]
you're alone out here man i'm gonna get
my money and i'm gonna get up out of
here
you're with me or not bro but then
streetstore made you a man overnight
i'm your father you ain't my father i
mean you're a father to everyone else
out here
oh you hate me man i was just liking me
i don't know who they expect us to go up
be free watching over our shoulder all
our hops
they have something for you oh look like
real cowboy
please believe that breaking a horse
meant crushing the will
of the animal the only way you can
realize it's true spirit through love
[Music]
you don't have to get out and grow up
what's going on the city decide they
don't need horses no more
y'all trying to tell this place now come
on man how are you gonna do that
this is where we live
they can't take who we are as a people
so what we gonna do then
we're gonna do what we always do we're
gonna ride
i'm gonna level with you molly opioids
have a 97
relapse rate you have gone through this
15 times
do you know what an opiate antagonist is
no
it's a shot we give you once a month
this shot essentially makes you immune
to getting high
is it safe are you kidding me now all of
a sudden your body's a temple
you have to be clean for at least a week
four more days seriously
of what we've been through i'm scared
for you whenever she's around who is
that
if i wasn't a junkie would you even ask
probably not
whenever i've decided to re-engage with
her i've always done it with my eyes
wide open
[Music]
mom how is she she sits around smoking
twitching and i am there watching her
like a hawk and pretending that i'm not
almost one day down
three more to go when you think
it's the end of the road i'm so sorry
wish i'd been around you should have
been you think it's my fault
that you're an addict
[Music]
oh my god
it just goes on and i am so sorry
that my drug addiction is so incredibly
difficult on you
sometimes i get the feeling i don't want
to love her anymore
do you know how many times that i have
told myself that i'm not gonna steal
to get high someday i want things to be
easier for her then i'm not gonna lose
custody
of my children to get high when you
think
it's too high what does it take to get c
and you'll never get through
i'm so sorry mom
if there's anyone who has the strength
to break free of this
it's you i really believe that
i'm proud of you
dr clark my best friend
she's dead where are you somebody hit
her with a car
daphne listen to me i know what you're
afraid of i'm not like that anymore
stay where you are oh my god
her phone had you listed as the doctor
to call in case of emergency hey
where's my sister i just want to go see
it is she okay is she
trying to calm down
you need to take a moment to deal with
what's happened
please don't rush yourself losing a
patient is tough
it's a bereavement philip it's doctor
clark
home i'm james we were just
getting ready to sit down and eat would
you like to join us
i know what you must be going through
and i'm very sorry family's all there is
and you have a great one
if we were friends
friends
trouble i can take a look
i don't bite
james is gonna list his sister's house
with us really
i'm gonna haunt you i'd like you to find
a new real estate agent
i'm not your enemy doctor clark i never
said you were
is it
i'd like to make a formal complaint
against one of your psychiatrists
the administration ward wants you to
step aside do you think james is behind
this
yes
[Music]
why are you looking at me that way like
you don't trust me or something
i appreciate all you've done my husband
and i have a very
different way of dealing with things we
don't talk about it
hey dog there's no hiding right james
flag is very dangerous
stop the car i want to get out he's not
just sick he's a murderer
save the house
[Music]
i still smell her
let me just listen to my block
it's quiet usually the one train's up
there screeching
there's so much stuff going on just got
me thinking about all the people i care
about the most
there's a breeze off the hudson and just
when you think you're sick of living
here the memory floods in the
morning light off the fire escapes the
nights and been apart blasting big pun
tapes
it's a story of a block that was
disappearing
once upon a time in a far away land
called
washington heights who's gonna notice
we're going
say it so it doesn't disappear
washington high
look who's home bad change is happening
on the block since you've been at school
when it came to dreams we had to keep
scraping by
ice cold aguas really when we get into
these crazy hypotheticals you really
want some bread then go ahead create a
set of goals pick a business school and
pay the entrance fee
and maybe if you're lucky you'll stay
friends with me
they used to say you work hard you live
by the rules
but things will come and those things
will heal you
i'm not gonna sit here and give you some
fairy tale
ignore anyone who doubts you because
this place
this is it
i just want to see the whole world
through our eyes
let's go go show them who we
[Applause]
[Music]
this is the moment are you do better
than me because you can see a future
that i can
sonny you're late you know you love me
[Music]
once we get going
oh
[Music]
you